9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China show. I'm Yvonne Man with [music]
David Ingles.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get to
your top stories today. Asian stocks
under pressure as the chip rally [music]
in in the US pauses and traders look
ahead to Kevin Warsh's first meeting as
Fed chair.
>> Brent crude holding below $80 after
tankers [music] carrying Iranian oil
sail through the Strait of Hormuz.
Bloomberg also getting details of the
[music] US Iran deal that shows Tehran
scoring broad financial wins.
>> [music]
>> And we take a closer look at China's
best performing AI stock up get this
more than a thousand percent this year.
We'll hear from the street's most
bearish [music] analyst on Geron P.
>> [music]
>> Well, today we continue of course this
unwinding of the Iran war and this sort
of inflation trade here, right? When you
have oil sitting below 80 bucks, that
certainly should help risk sentiment.
You certainly saw yields ahead lower,
but then again, the the tech side of
things is actually not actually
performing in today. So, it's quite
interesting to see what we saw on the
SOX index yesterday overnight in the US.
Um perhaps there's a bit of that macro
risk that we're still dealing with,
right? It is Fed day, of course, and the
market is really anticipating how Kevin
Warsh is going to at least lay out his
policy outlook.
>> Yeah, if he does give a lot of details,
of course. And that's really part of the
key, right? In in in the form of will he
be more or less forthcoming as far as
forward guidance is concerned. Uh that
takes us straight into markets, right?
And it's worth pointing out as we look
at
perhaps the most watched proxy on the
war, which is prices of Brent, for
example, now taking out 80 to the
downside. As you can see, it's worth
pointing out, of course, equity markets
have long uh passed that threshold, of
course, of putting the war behind it,
and perhaps that's why we're seeing a
bit of a pullback there. It's also worth
pointing out that is the risk now, when
you look at the bond markets. Flip the
page, please.
Equity markets are coming up on your
screens here. It's worth pointing out
what the risk is to yields going into
the Fed and coming out of the Fed
tomorrow. Nikkei 225 a 10th of 1% to the
upside. Taiwan is coming online.
Malaysia, by the way, is shut today.
4/10 of 1% over in Singapore and Kospi,
of course, as a proxy of risk appetite
on most things favored tech on the way
down.
It's worth pointing out going into the
open today the underperformance,
relative underperformance of of Chinese
stocks relative to the rest of the
world, which obviously did see a
pullback overnight going into today.
So, we are again on bear market watch.
You look at some of the proxies
overnight in the US in terms of the US
Chinese session there.
Underperformance, KWEB, the Golden
Dragon Index. So, just watch that
closely as we go into the open today.
Notwithstanding, of course, we're at
40-month highs currently on the Chinese
currency against the US dollar. Shanghai
crude, of course, in tandem with what
we're seeing with global oil prices down
about 4%. And of course, the news that
we had overnight, and just we're looking
at, of course, as we go into this
reopening,
are the Strait of Hormuz. Now, we
understand, and this is on the Bloomberg
map, by the way. Now, two vessels,
Iranian vessels, have made their way out
off the Gulf, through the strait, and
into, currently, as you can see,
currently in the the the the Oman Gulf,
headed into, of course, where you are,
of course, as far as India is is is
concerned. So, encouraging news. And the
question here, Ivana, is I guess, do we
do we see more of these vessels? And
certainly, we're nowhere near
pre-war levels as far as vessel volumes
are concerned. And I guess that is the
certainly the next thing to watch as we
go into this weekend.
>> Yeah, could be the first signs of of
maybe, you know, some of these Iranian
tankers are going through here. This
this naval blockade by the US is since a
few months ago. So, certainly it's going
to be quite interesting uh what this
tells us here. Let's bring in Jill
Disis, our Bloomberg News desk managing
editor. Uh she's with us here right now.
Jill, you know, the fact that oil is
back below 80, uh is this a sign that
maybe oil traders are really thinking
that this war is over? Bloomberg News
has been able to obtain this 14-point
MOU. What do we learn?
>> Yes, so Yvonne, I think um you know,
what oil traders might be looking at is
that a key component of that MOU or at
least the draft that we've seen is that
uh essentially the US would look to
immediately lift some sanctions that
would allow Iran to immediately start
selling oil. I think that's really kind
of the key part of this. You see that
right at the top of your screen here is
one of those key takeaways from this
MOU. The rest of it, I will say, is a
bit unclear. That bit about uh this idea
of a $300
development fund, a lot of sort of the
payment mechanisms around that are still
a bit unclear. Uh we've got some
indication that maybe that's funding
that comes from contributions from other
Gulf states. Uh Donald Trump himself has
said uh that the US is not looking to
finance Iran in any way, but there's a
lot of questions about what kind of ways
in which Iran can unlock some of those
financial incentives. Remember, this is
also a country that still has uh I think
somewhere in the tune of an estimated
hundred billion dollars or so of assets
that have been frozen. Now, the US is
saying as part of this MOU um that the
that Iran could potentially gain access
to some of those funds again, but it
would be contingent on various other
elements, including um stopping or, you
know, not um proceeding with the
development of a nuclear program. I
mean, now though, Yvonne, we're getting
to territory where I mean, these are
things that the US and Iran have been
talking about for years at this point.
And how exactly do you sort of, you
know, make some of this contingent on on
some of these plans? I think there's a
lot of unanswered questions about what
exactly this deal would ultimately look
like, but again, I think particularly on
some of those oil takeaways, that's
really what's key here if this really
does go ahead.
>> Yeah, and what more do we know about the
terms around the opening of the strait?
Just to remind us.
>> Yeah, I mean, David, I think at this
point, again, that's something that
still is a bit unclear. Obviously, you
know, we're talking about some of that
initial tanker traffic, you know, maybe
some promising signs there, but you
know, Donald Trump has long said
in the course of this war, at least,
that he wants the US to essentially have
total control over the strait. It's, you
know, again, you know, something that
may be contingent on essentially how
both of these sides interpret how they
go ahead with this deal. I think that at
this point, again, it just kind of shows
you that even if there's sort of this
baseline level of understanding that
maybe, you know, both of these sides are
certainly interested in moving to a
conclusion in the war, there's a lot
here that could potentially upend this
relationship still. I think the US
really kind of making some of these
arrangements contingent on, you know,
what they're perceiving is, you know,
whether or not Iran is hitting certain
benchmarks or whether or not they're
following certain rules is still, again,
kind of up in the air. And again,
you know, for some of these incentives,
we don't really have a clear
understanding of the payment structure,
which I think is really kind of key
here. So, we'll have to see, you know,
sort of as this gets finalized, once the
US releases sort of a formal text, you
know, what happens if this does go ahead
with the signing in Switzerland later
this week, and and how everybody reacts.
But again, obviously,
much stronger elements toward progress,
but we'll have to see where it goes from
there.
>> Jill, thank you, Jill Dece is there, our
newsdesk editor, managing editor
with the latest there. And by the way,
you can check out our explainer today
and why restoring really the traffic
there won't be as easy as headlines
suggest. It's available right now on the
terminal for subscribers to look into.
Right, just a pivot back to markets.
Consolidating, I think is is is the
proper word right now given, of course,
the declines we had overnight. There is,
of course, the Fed
to get into today in about, let's call
it what, 18 or so hours from now. The
sharp move lower of course in oil is is
a good thing. It's driving a recovery in
old economy names uh while hurting tech
interestingly. Anthony Stephens, our
markets reporter, is here with us to
talk us through what is driving this
dispersion in equity markets and it can
help explain the price action today.
>> Yeah, so we had that big headline move
as the headlines first hit on the peace
deal, right? So, tech re-rated higher.
Now there's a search for kind of
relative value trades as this theme
matures and more parts of the economy
get to come back to life now that energy
supplies are relatively secured no
matter what price the security of those
supplies are coming on board. And the
oil market is pricing that very
aggressively and I thought I thought
that was one of the reasons we started
to see cyclical stocks do well. The oil
market has proven now that
flows are continuing out of the home
ones and you saw industrial stocks
bounce in the US, consumer stocks bounce
in the US, and that's adding pressure to
tech. Tech was under pressure a little
bit anyway. The mag seven index was
falling for a few weeks already and a
lot of the pressure was on the more
speculative corners of the US equity
market on tech. So, Micron, Intel,
Marvell, these kind of names. And those
names had a big sell-off overnight. So,
it's very similar in Asia where we have
a little bit of sell-off in Samsung,
Hynix, and some of these more high beta
robotics, physical AI plays in Korea.
But you see the index is more or less
okay. Japan in particular, you see the
banks balancing out tech quite well. So,
it's very nuanced picture today and I
think investors are going to be setting
up for these relative value trades ahead
of the Fed.
>> It's It's Kevin Warsh's first Fed
meeting. What are you going to be
watching out for the most?
>> It's his communication comes to the fore
because he does not want to communicate.
He thinks that the Fed has over
communicated in the past. He wants a
much more rigorous approach to measuring
inflation that's less tick watching and
more trimmed core mean. And the recent
events in Iran actually do give him some
ammunition. He can argue like look this
crisis came and went and now inflation
is tracking lower again. Inflation swaps
are tracking lower again. So how closely
he sticks to that message is what the
market will be looking at given that the
chances of a hike have been priced out
so materially since this peace deal. So
it's a lot about the touch and feel of
his communication rather than actually
what is expected to do which is nothing.
>> What does it mean for China? Broad
indexes have not rallied ahead of this
news on Iran or the Fed. Do we expect
them to rally on the back of those two
things?
>> What's interesting about China is given
the data yesterday what do you rotate
to? Right? The
the consumer is bad, the fixed income
assets are bad. So China is pretty much
all in on AI. So can it really weather
a sell off in the tech names as well
that have kept the China ex going. So
that's going to be quite interesting how
China's consumer economy continues to
evolve over time. We did see some signs
that China is incremental beneficiary
from flow coming out of the US. We saw
China ADR names relatively well well
bid. Baba is at a 1% premium for
example, but it does appear that it's
more like struggling to find a level
rather than any chance of a big rally.
>> All right. Anthony, thank you. Our
markets reporter Anthony Stevens here on
what to look out for here today with
China, the Fed and the like. It's
interesting too when it comes to this
Bank of America fund manager survey that
came out overnight, right? When it comes
to how would you describe this AI cycle
here right now? A majority still think
we're in this boom, right? I mean you're
only talking about 21% that they think
that things are in euphoric sort of
stages and only single digits 9% thinks
that it's time to take some profits
here. So they they continue to feel that
this whole FOMO side of things is going
to continue to drive AI higher.
>> I think they're still long. It's a
question right now of what exactly you
go long on and certainly to Anthony's
point just now it's perhaps less about
the mag seven and more about the
broading out of this rally, whether
that's into small caps and some of the
applications. But yes, this is I think
the latest pulse check of the big by
side questionnaire coming out of of BofA
and as far as how they feel about this
AI boom is concerned.
>> Yeah, they started to trim a little bit
of their tech overweights, but then
again, they're still heavily
really relying on equities here to get
some returns it seems at this point
still. Still ahead though, we're going
to give you the first Fed decision under
the new chairman Kevin Warsh. We'll hear
from UBP
>> [music]
>> and why Carlos Casanova thinks the
meeting could reveal some deep divisions
within the FOMC. [music] And later I'm
going to speak with the only analyst
holding a short call on Chinese AI
player [music] Jiapu. We have more with
Hedgeye Risk Management's Felix Wang.
And we're counting on the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
This is [music] the China Show.
All right, we are in the middle of this
week here. We got through when it comes
to the Bank of Japan. As expected, they
did hike rates to 1% yesterday. It was a
hold from the RBA, also expected. We're
at the hump day and really it is Fed day
here today and this is really going to
be the big one ahead of course of BOE,
BSP. We got BI coming up here as well.
So certainly there's going to be a lot.
The key thing to watch though I think is
to look at some of the statements there
from the last one to see and the word
today of the day is additional, right?
This is what they wrote in the last
meeting. In considering the extent and
timing of additional adjustments to the
target range for the federal funds rate.
So if they remove that word, I think
that could be a quite telling sign of
maybe more of a hawkish sort of tilt
from the FOMC today.
>> Opening up the door to the next move
perhaps being
tighter and a hike. But yes, the
comments were pretty
>> three regional Fed presidents dissented
in favor of removing that word.
And I want and her team and the BEI
thinks this could be more likely
consensus in this meeting.
>> Okay, yeah, watch for the differences in
the statement. We do have of course some
analysis coming on that in parallel to
the statement. Of course, watch for
what he says and also what he doesn't
say, which I think is part of the
less is more coming through out of the
new Fed chair. Of course, it is his
first meeting. Do you give us a preview
on what to expect from this particular
meeting and of course moving forward is
Carlos Cadenas
MDN senior Asia economist at UBP. Good
morning. Very nice to see you.
>> Morning.
>> So, what do what do you think he's not
going to say?
>> So, we it's the first statement. So, we
are going to have to be looking at the
tone. We are not sure even if he's going
to have a statement. That's a whole lot
of debate. But most likely he will.
And we do think that there's going to be
a shift in sentiment from the statement
being slightly neutral  dovish to
being neutral  hawkish. That
doesn't mean that the next adjustment
will be a rate hike in our opinion.
But we will be very important to focus
on that shift in stance and how bad the
divisions within the committee are going
to be. We are expecting some dissents
and some you know, divisions. But if
it's completely divided, it could spell
some trouble for markets ahead.
>> Do you you're saying that the Fed could
actually cut next second quarter of next
year? What what's behind that call?
>> Correct. So, we think that the stance
might shift slightly, but the bar for
the Fed to actually deliver additional
rate hikes remains very very high. The
central bank is not behind the curve.
We've seen resilience in the labor
market and that's translated into higher
job creations, but wages pretty flat
and the unemployment rate is quite
stable at 4.3%.
Inflation has increased. We had this
forecast that inflation would reach 4.5%
um
and then taper off towards 3.5% by the
end of the year, but core inflation
remains below that 3% target. So, the
spillover effects or second-round
effects of higher oil prices and the
disruption to Hormuz are not
materializing uh to they're not hitting
the US economy as bad as other parts of
the world. Um and so, the Fed can afford
to look past that um
transitory, if I may,
>> Oh, no.
>> overshooting inflation uh and focus on
uh whether the inflation expectation
remains anchored around that 3% target.
And we think it does. So, more more
likely than not, they will hold. They
might remove that word of additional uh
policy moves um this year. And from the
second quarter of 2027 onwards, we have
base effects around inflation that could
actually open a window for war to
deliver rate cuts. So, our view is
definitely not consensus right now. Uh
the risk here is that the market begins
to move towards our view, and then that
could mean some weakness on the dollar
front.
>> What does it mean for yields? Uh
10-year yield, let's call it 4 and 1/2%.
Is the next Do you think the next move
is four or five?
>> We think the next move is for yields to
remain within that uh 4 to 4 and 1/2%
range. Um a move higher would require
some of the fundamental conditions to
change.
>> Hm.
Um
as we go into the opening of the strait,
talk to us. How What's the framework
you're using to see what the effects
will be in the Asia-Pacific there?
>> Well,
first of all, about 80-90% of everything
that flows through the Strait of Hormuz
ends up in Asia. So, naturally, we are
seeing central bank reaction functions
uh a lot more aggressive in the region
because we are hit more directly. Um I
think when it comes to second-round
effects, oil prices,
you know, they they're no longer at over
100 US dollar per barrel. Um we don't
expect that with this peace deal in
place, they will go back down to 60, but
they will remain sort of around 80 US
dollar per barrel. So, we are now
focusing on second-round effects, and
the main thing that worries me is food
price inflation. Um We are seeing
disruptions to fertilizer supply chains.
Sulfur prices in China are still super
high and that is not affecting the US
because they're not dependent on
components for fertilizers through
Hormuz.
But in Asia definitely third and fourth
quarter of this year
we could still see some
rate hikes across the region. You know,
Australia for example could be one of
them. India could be another one.
And so the tightening the pace of
monetary policy tightening continues
throughout the remainder of 2026 in
Asia.
Only the Fed and perhaps Bank of England
can afford to stay on hold.
>> How clear has signaling been? So we've
had the BOJ yesterday. There was a press
briefing. I think the other big one two
big ones to watch in Asia. You mentioned
India, Indonesia and the Philippines. To
you as an economist is are is is the way
that they've communicated future moves
clear to you at this point?
>> I think so. I think Asia is definitely
leading this cycle in terms of the
tightening. Especially the RBA has been
more proactive than in previous rounds.
There is a lot of uncertainty still
around the magnitude of those second
round effects.
But I I suspect that they will err on
the side of caution. They will deliver
those additional hikes.
And then there's always the possibility
to unravel and for more global monetary
policy to resynchronize once again
starting from the second quarter of
2027.
>> Okay.
>> I I was going to get your take on
messaging, right? Because I think
there's this wide expectation that Kevin
Warsh doesn't like forward guidance.
And even our Bloomberg economics team
means that might mean he might not even
submit a dot
in the dot plot here. And he's talked
about why you know, policy makers can
become prisoners of their own words, so
to speak. Our team says, you know, this
meeting could really begin the shift
away from the sort of Bernanke style
transparency towards maybe like this
Greenspan like model of deliberate
ambiguity. As an economist is that a is
that a good or bad thing you think?
>> Too much communication is not a good
thing either. Um especially we do expect
that there's going to be some divisions
within the committee.
Um if you have conflicting messages
coming out of different governors that
could be very confusing for markets and
it could lead to high volatility around
things like the dollar and and yields.
Um
I hope we're not going to go back to
uh
Greenspan's style communication where
there's ambiguity on purpose and they
keep markets guessing. Um but possibly
some
more um
targeted messaging or more curated
messaging around what the Fed expects to
do is possible going forward. And keep
in mind that he uh doesn't like
quantitative easing. Um so tapering is
another thing that we need to watch out
for and he prefers rate cuts over um
buying risk assets.
>> Carlos, thank you Carlos Casanova there
MD and senior economist Asia at UBP. Um
we're taking a look at what comes to
your pre-market pretty flat when it
comes to
>> Hang Seng here right now. We talk about
the strength [music] of the currency
here at 675
levels. It's the highest we've seen the
yuan in what 40 months you said?
>> 4-0 months, yeah.
>> Oh wow. All right. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, your agenda here today. We're
still on bear market watch when it comes
to MSCI China. We're also focusing
what's going on in the
>> Lujiazui Forum that begins today and
expected to hear from likes of Holly
Fong. He's going to be in attendance
there and many other policy makers. Uh
Yum China certainly going to be focused
here given some of the reports about Yum
and how they're trying to shut off maybe
the Pizza Hut business.
>> No more Pizza Hut.
>> Oh no. Um what are we going to do about
deep crust stuffed crust pizza which is
my favorite. Um Zijin Mining that's also
one thing to watch also when it comes to
some of the gold miners out there here
today. Uh anything else that caught your
eye there?
>> They make a really terrible Portuguese
rice dish in Hong Kong. That's just a
personal opinion. Uh but they make
really fantastic lasagna, [laughter] I
think, here in Hong Kong. But the
Portuguese rice that seafood Portuguese
rice is, by the way, something if you
show it to a Portuguese person, let's
say Ronaldo was here, he would just not
go anywhere near that.
>> They they like to be creative, right?
Focus on local tastes and all that. And
sometimes it could backfire.
>> Great pizza, though. I like I like the
pizza.
>> Stuffed crust pizza, I mean.
>> Should we get it for lunch?
>> I don't know. We'll see. Stocks to watch
here today. Watching the likes of
Minimax.
Uh that one here. Now, Goldman seems to
be joining in on this fray after what JP
Morgan said this week, right? They're
trimming the trimming the price target
for Minimax by 14% and they're talking
about concerns over lower pricing power
after this M3 launch and what this could
actually mean by for its margins as
well. So, right now, price target
they're thinking to 860
for the stock here. It was a thousand
before, Dave. So.
>> It's a trimming.
>> Okay, yeah. Pairing back a little bit
from the top. Uh we'll leave you with
some live pictures out of the exchange
today. There is a debut today, Synaptic
[music]
Electronics. That's not a descriptor if
you've had a Synaptic weekend, a big
one. Uh that's a chip maker, 70% to the
upside, first trading day here at Hong
Kong. Lots more ahead, including the
open. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Good morning from [music] Hong Kong and
welcome back to the show. We're about 40
seconds to the opening bell. Of course,
a view of
um Hong Kong Island on your right. On
your left is a live picture of Lu Jiazu
Way. [music] And of course, the Lu Jiazu
Way Forum is set to begin. We're here
we're set to hear, of course, from top
financial officials. And it's worth
pointing out that this is a forum that
has typically resulted in some quite
market-moving policy pronouncements. So,
watch out for any headlines that come
through, of course, coming out of what
takes place there.
>> Yeah, that could be a big one here as
well, and certainly [music] one to watch
as at a time when we are seeing Chinese
stocks still sort of in
um
treading water, I guess you could say,
in some ways compared to what [music]
we're seeing parts of North Asia where
we have a a hit with Winnie Xiu coming
up. Uh just talking about, you know,
even southbound flows are starting
[music] to fade here in this market as
we near a bear market for MSCI China.
So, yes, uh despite what's going on the
onshore markets, uh Hong Kong is still
continuing to underperform. CSI 300,
though, today is seeing a bit of a
pullback here, really kind of following
the trend that we're seeing across Asia
here today, despite the fact that oil
prices are actually, you know, around 80
or sub-80, right? So, that's not exactly
lifting uh the tech sort of plays here.
And as Anthony Stevens mentioned here,
it's actually more leading to dispersion
or rotation into more relative value
plays. So, uh today CSI 300 is may not
be that relative value play despite it
its underperformance. Shanghai A comp is
lower by about 1/3 of 1%, and you're
seeing Shenzhen even seeing more
pressure here to downside. We're down
about 8/10 of 1%. Uh so, chipmakers are
falling like Havrion tech down 1. CATL
is also lower here this morning. Uh
Shanghai crude, though, is seeing a
cooling in that geopolitical price
premium is coming down. We're down 3%
for Shanghai crude this morning. Uh also
watching these consumption plays, right?
If we had to see that, Midea is actually
doing quite well in the onshore market
here today. Uh Hong Kong doing this,
it's just tech is leading things lower.
We're down 6/10 of 1%. It really has
been driven the likes of Xiaomi, who's
down by close to 1% here this morning.
Alibaba stands out here as a potential
bright spot. Uh Tencent some news there
is this completion of this 2 and 1/2
billion dollar 15 billion yen issue of
notes to tell you about as well.
And offshore RMB, right? We talk about
40-month highs for the yuan against the
dollar. So, certainly that continues to
be a good news bright spot there.
Let's take a look at what it comes to
the likes of gold stocks cuz you know,
we have seen gold come back, of course,
after of course the the speculation of
some sort of Iran deal. We're at 4340
for spot prices here right now. So,
that's lifting the likes of Zijin Gold
here today. Minimax is interesting,
right? When you take a look at what's
been going on this week, right? First it
was that JP Morgan call upgrading the
likes of Jiripoo and Minimax seems to be
left in the wayside. And Goldman Sachs
seems to be adding on this debate now
talking about the concerns when it comes
to pricing power and the impact on its
margins, especially when it came to this
new M3 launch as well. So, they're
thinking this price target could go from
1,000 to now 860. And the current price
is still 400, Dave. So, still a long
ways to go to really hit that new price
target still.
>> Just a doubling.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh instead of the I think a factor of
three, I believe, was the previous
uh the forecast. I think that brings to
mind then, you know, the rethinking
that's taking place around the very
frontier of the Chinese
tech stack on AI and this debate right
now. Obviously, Minimax and Jiripoo and
and it also brings to mind why the
broader market has actually lagged when
you look at the traditional benchmarks.
And what we have here, we'll get into
this in a moment, but just to set things
up, right? Uh since the bottom or from
the bottom of the GFC back in 2009, what
you have here is total return, right?
Everything from dividends, buybacks on
the index itself. Hang Seng index in
white, S&P 500 in blue, the global
benchmark is in yellow. And as you can
see, total return 250% over 18 years,
not a good number. Not a good number
compared to what you see, for example,
in the US, 1,400%
on total return. And I think it just
goes to show really the outperformance
of of US assets this dominance as far as
US assets go
US exceptionalism as is another way of
saying that. Now back to perhaps
something more recent and why perhaps we
have seen an underperformance
in traditional Chinese benchmarks is
really the earning story, right? When
you look at the makeup of the
benchmarks, you look at the macro
overlay as far as that's concerned and
you take the change in expected earnings
on EPS 12 month year to date Korea is
obviously head and shoulders above
everything else, right? so earnings
projections there have been taken up
150%
from the start of the year. The China
next index Hang Seng China which will
get into in a moment and the HKX tech
100 which is the new benchmark is
actually down about 4% so earnings
expectations if not
tepid have actually been pulled back a
little bit compared to Yvonne what
you're seeing somewhere else elsewhere
in the world. Anyway, so we talked about
this, right? We've talked to our guests
about this
on the China show this week and this
divide between A and H and A and H
against global peers. Have a listen.
>> Index performance been quite
disappointing especially relative to the
rest of the region, but if you think
back to the index it does not have a lot
of the sexy stuff that's been driving
the US and the rest of Northeast Asia.
Semiconductors AR hyper scalers. So from
that perspective, you know, those
companies in China have actually done
quite well both onshore in China and
also in Hong Kong.
But because they are only a very small
part of the index is not big enough to
drive the index performance relative to
Taiwan or South Korea.
>> Currently market is forecasting for
instance like Hang Seng index earnings
growth outlook probably around 10% or
low teens whereas if you look at the
onshore Asia market market is looking
for an earnings growth of north of 20%
making it a little bit heads up versus
the offshore market. And I think the
reason is in the onshore market, we do
have a lot more AI tech hardware um and
the broader T&T including
telecommunications, industrials, energy
storage that are all spending across the
whole AI spectrum uh leading it all the
way up to the upstream.
>> So, for more on why Chinese stocks in
Hong Kong are facing those bleak
milestones, let's bring in Wendy Yue
Asia equities reporter. Um you know, we
talked about, right? The macro picture
isn't doing too well. We certainly saw
that in the data dump yesterday. The
earnings visibility might not be there
either. So, are we seeing any sort of
dip buyers emerge?
>> Yeah, so actually at this point because
valuations have dropped so much, very
attractive. You have HSCI now about 10
times uh forward 12-month forward
earnings and that's way lower than the
likes of Taiwan, Japan for example. So,
when we talked to Fidelity earlier this
week, they say that actually they are
trimming some of these major tech names
in Asia and in fact buying into these
offshore Chinese names and the likes of
the internet companies for example
because they are expecting the AI
monetization at some point to come
through and also seeing a bit of a
stabilization when it comes to the
numbers around property and the economy.
>> Now, what could drive a broader rethink
of not just obviously the names that
have done well, but everything else?
What's the catalyst people are waiting
for?
>> Yeah, so at this point it probably is
how this AI story might turn around.
When we spoke to How Hong for example
the other day, he is actually expecting
this AI bubble burst potentially later
this year. He thinks that things are
really being kind of running ahead of
itself a little bit. So, he expects when
we see a bit of a slow down in that AI
capex story, that will probably um kind
of um see more attraction into these
HSCI names and also these offshore
names. So, there is that and also the
reflationary story, right? Obviously,
yesterday we had pretty bad data from
the retail sales number, but yesterday
when we talked to SocGen, they say
they're still pretty cautious around
offshore names until they see some signs
of um inflation or reflation to boost
the consumer names.
>> Okay. You can check out Winnie's story.
It's on the Bloomberg terminal. It's a
taking stock piece of the day. China
index drops as AI winners elsewhere are
favored. Winnie Shu, our Asia equities
reporter. Now, it's not all bad. So, you
have some of the benchmarks
underperforming,
but in case you actually missed it,
right? So, the CSI 300 IT index, that's
the onshore gauge,
has [snorts] actually
uh performed as well as a really good
Nikkei 225 this year. So, while Hang
Seng China's underperformed, there are
pockets of this market and have actually
done very well, which takes us even into
this broader AI conversation around the
buy side and how they think about this
broader
>> Yeah, that Bank of America's fund
manager survey, right? What we talked
about how would you characterize this
this AI cycle here? And you're still
seeing a majority of these fund managers
that still think that they're in the
boom side of this cycle here, right?
We're talking 56% only 21% think that
we're still in the euphoric stage. Only
9% say it's time to take profits, right?
So, what's driving that according to the
survey? They say there is that bit of a
FOMO here that continues to drive this
cycle further here. And really, it's
interesting um because you are starting
to see if these concerns about, you
know, the wobbles, these IPOs that are
happening here. Mind you, this survey
was done before that SpaceX IPO, but
certainly this is just to just go to
show where sentiment is currently. There
are signs of anxiety though. When you
talk about what's the most crowded trade
out there, single-handedly 80% say it's
chip stocks. That is probably the most
crowded trade here. And so, I think 80%
they say is a record when it comes to
this survey in terms of just having how
much people lean towards that way. Tech
overweight also has been trimmed from
levels of 33% to just slightly to 26%.
And even global equity exposure, they
say that overweight has also been
trimmed from maybe 50% now before to
38%.
So, there is that still a little bit of
a trimming of overweight, maybe tilting
to that relative value sort of trades
that we're seeing here. But then again,
they're still leaning quite heavily into
the whole equity space here across
assets here. You take a look when it
comes to China and what we saw there,
too. And the macro picture continues to
weigh on this market, right? 14% expect
the economy to weaken over the next 12
months or so. So, that was unchanged
from the last survey back in May. And
the net net 9% are underweight Chinese
equities now. If you take a look at
that, that has all deepened a little bit
the concerns that this underweight. It
was just 5% just a month ago. But there
is still some favored sort of themes,
right? AI, semiconductors, which of
course is no surprise there. But
certainly they're looking at things like
buybacks now. And and maybe some of
these income sort of strategies here.
They say that those are some things that
maybe Dave are are a little bit harder
to ignore now.
>> And absolutely. I mean, you have some of
these covered call ETFs yielding you at
18% here, if not 18 to 20% here in Hong
Kong. Fantastic. There as far as some of
the bright not so bright spots across
these Chinese markets. One of which has
been the stock, the best performing AI
stock across the greater China markets,
Gerpu,
one of the leading players. There's a
stock surged what north of a thousand
percent since debuting
since the debut. And there's one [music]
analyst actually on the street with a
short call on the stock. And find out
why they're not as optimistic uh, as the
rest of the street is. Lots more ahead,
including that conversation. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Take a look at, of course, when it comes
to the hottest stock in the interest
tech this year. And you can see from
this one, it's Jiipu. It surged this
week here after J.P. Morgan raised its
price target and picked it as the AI
winner against its close rival Mini Max
here. And you you really kind of see it,
right? At the beginning of the year,
these two stocks basically were pretty
neck and neck.
>> Mhm.
>> And you start to see that divergence a
couple weeks ago here. Goldman Sachs
also now this morning trimming its price
target for Mini Max by 14% and citing
concerns when it comes to, of course,
weaker pricing power.
>> Yeah, it comes down to tokens, the
margins, and how they're able to price
that. And it then that then takes us
into the broader tech universe where you
have ByteDance, Alibaba, uh, Baidu, and
Tencent, right? So, all things will
eventually converge. Now, our next guest
actually takes this stock as one of the,
if not the only, probably no, the only,
let me clarify that, the only bear on
the street on the stock itself,
recommending a short position on Jiipu.
Joining us now from Connecticut is Felix
Wong, uh, managing director of global
tech uh, research firm Hedge-I-Risk
Management. The company has an asset
management arm, but it does not, of
course, currently have a short position
on Jiipu, just to clarify that. Felix,
good morning from Asia. Thank you for
joining us. Lay lay out the thesis here.
Why don't you like this stock?
>> Thank you for having me on. It's it's
definitely an honor. So, I'm definitely
going against the herd here on probably
the hottest stock in China, but I am
concerned about a couple of catalysts
down the road. I think the most thing
that people worried about are the
lockups and the fact that it is up 11x
since the IPO. I'm actually more
concerned about DeepSeek. The reason why
is if you think about LLM economics, you
either need one of two things to happen.
You need higher token usage or you need
higher token prices.
With Zhipu with their GLM model,
ever since DeepSeek released their V4
uh pro model in April,
through our extensive work on token
databases,
Zhipu's tokens actually sequentially
fell since that moment. So, that tells
me there is a material impact here from
DeepSeek. The other thing is Zhipu just
released their GLM 5.2 model.
It got a lot of buzz. Everyone was
praising how much it's caught up with
Frontier Labs.
But look at the input-output price. It
didn't go up.
Think about it. They went from model
five to model 5.1. They increased pretty
materially
the input and output token prices for
that 5.1 model. For 5.2, they left the
prices the same. So, what I'm trying to
say here is it still cost 5x more to run
a task with Zhipu's GLM 5.2 model than
if you had done it with DeepSeek V4 Pro.
And the intelligence levels between
these two models aren't that far off.
So, then the bigger picture question you
need to ask yourself if you're a
engineer or developer is what is good
enough to get the work done? Do I really
need to have the most frontier, most
intelligent model out there if I'm
paying at least 5x that price?
>> Mhm.
>> So, okay. So, I I
>> Yeah, I was going to ask you because JP
Morgan Yeah, I was going to ask you
because JP Morgan had a very interesting
note this week saying that out of all
the sort of AI players out there in
China, they still
think Zhipu has the most pricing power.
I mean, can you What's the counter
argument to that?
>> So, by pricing power, they're talking
about what their price right now input
and output. But, what I'm saying is
that's all rearview mirror. I'm looking
at current dynamics today, particularly
again with the release of Deep Seek V4 a
couple months ago. Is Jidu able to raise
their token prices because of what they
have done with with the full stack model
portfolio, you know, creating
outstanding
state-of-the-art models? And my answer
is no. Because Deep Seek basically
created a a a a a cost bottom.
And they're basically initiating this
hugely damaging LLM price war.
And I think it hurts everybody except
Deep Seek. So, we have
>> Mhm.
>> a lot of evidence out there that Deep
Seek through their new entry into with
V4, they're taking a lot of token share.
I don't see that changing even with Jidu
catching up with frontier models like
Claude and GPT, at least on the
intelligent level. But, watch closely
the pricing. Their token pricing did not
go up.
>> And does that same thesis apply to I
mean, if Deep Seek is
I mean, to just to use that phrase, the
Deep Seek moment of this is the Chinese
model, it's low cost, you don't have to
be at the frontier of what's available
technologically speaking.
Um
does does your thesis apply to other AI
plays then? That the same pricing power
isn't actually there.
>> It applies to pretty much all of the
other LLM models, including MiniMax,
including Kwan,
uh even Tencent's. Um so, I
I think this is a very important moment
here. And people are trying to digest
it. And But, what I'm trying to say is
deep seek definitely have structural
advantages particularly with their 1P
infrastructure that allow them to price
as low as they are able to. Another
challenge I want to mention about this
company that I don't think is well
understood is distillation. So you may
have heard fable five mythos five being
banned
temporarily or permanently we don't know
yet from Anthropic. Why does this matter
to the Zhipu thesis? So so Zhipu usually
has been coined by many analysts as the
Anthropic of China. I'm not so sure
about that. I think there are some
similarities on B2B but we are keeping
an eye everyone's keeping an eye on
what's happening with Anthropic because
if you limit their best performing model
people are saying well that makes Zhipu
you know a lot more competitive because
they're
almost as good as the most frontier
models out there. So that's the
alternative but what I would say is the
US government may be doing this to
control distillation. So in the future
model releases frontier model releases
from both China and the US will probably
slow down a lot because of these changes
in distillation.
>> Okay, what does this mean for the stock
Felix because the lock up period expires
pretty soon for some of these stocks.
How much selling pressure are you
expecting now and and what is fair value
you think for Zhipu now?
>> So my fair value it's actually only
around $407. The way I reached there is
if you put a 15 times EV to ARR multiple
on 2028 numbers or 20 times EV to sales
figure for 2028. Why am I using these
numbers? Again, I'm using Anthropic and
OpenAI
as sort of a guide on what is reasonable
valuation for pure model model uh,
pure
LM model company. So, put this into
perspective, Anthropic trailing
valuation for EV to AR is right now 21
times. Zippo is trading at 87 times EV
to AR and that's for next year. So,
we're looking at forward valuation
versus trailing valuation. That's how
extreme
where, you know, Zippo has gone up. I
understand it's a huge AR beneficiary
right now.
And there are a lot of investors are
partying like 1999.
But, I'm not sure that party will last
much, much longer. There are some lockup
period. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
>> Yes. No, no, that's true. That the
lockup period is coming up, so there is
an additional factor to consider in
terms of selling. Well, my my simple
question is what would make you change
your mind? And if you don't like this
stock, is there any other company within
the Chinese ecosystem that you like that
you think is, apart from Deep Seek of
course, in the public markets which you
think investors should favor instead?
>> Um, so
at the moment, you know, we're we're
actually kind of cautious on China
internet. Um,
and my my go-to sort of proxy for
Anthropic in China is actually Kimi. And
the reason why is because I think Kimi
has a lot more resources than Zippo and
they have a more of an international
backing than than than Zippo. But,
unfortunately, Kimi is private just like
Deep Seek.
Um,
but unfortunately, we're we're kind of a
lot a little bit more cautious right now
on China internet as a whole and I'm a
little bit more optimistic on the on the
western side of tech.
>> Felix, we appreciate it. Thank you for
sharing your thoughts and your thesis
there around Zippo. Felix Wang there,
managing director of global tech at
Hedgeye Risk Management. We always like
when people stick their neck out.
And shows some conviction. Of course,
you can rewatch that interview on the
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming and our news and
interviews there. Check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we are getting you some lines
here when it comes to the Lujiazui Forum
there that's happening and we're hearing
from some of of course the policy
makers. This is the NFRA's Ding Xincun
that's speaking at that forum here right
now and they're talking a little more
about China to step up financial
regulation and support new financial
businesses to pilot in Shanghai. So that
includes setting up a research base of
digital regulation in Shanghai and
really to improve the offshore financial
regulatory system to back and support
Shanghai.
>> Yeah, we're continuing to track what
else is going to go on here of course
for global viewers and anyone that is
even marginally watching what's
happening in the Chinese economy and
Chinese markets. This is an extremely
important conference [music] to keep an
eye on. So we'll
stay tuned of course for more coming
through here. We understand of course
lots more of speakers are set to speak
here at [music] the Lujiazui Forum
literally on your screens right now that
is just part of of course the financial
district
in Shanghai. We have lots more on the
way. The second hour of the China show
is just ahead.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session here and it still looks pretty
We're we're above sort of
water here right now. We're up about a
tenth of 1%. MSCI China is not doing
anything though. The rest of Asia also
seeing a bit of a pullback when it comes
to that whole AI trade here this
morning. As of course we count down to
the Fed which is just hours away. And
the new Fed chairman Kevin Warsh is
going to take the helm of this meeting.
So everything's everyone's looking out
for the tone, the messaging, how the
communication is going to be like and
how he'll What sort of changes could we
actually see from the Fed moving forward
under this new Mr. Warsh?
>> Yeah. And there's a conversation around
him of how he might not submit of course
the
>> The dot.
>> his own dots.
>> Yeah, possibly. Or even shorter press
conferences or even less conferences.
We don't know at this point what he
meant. But you know, forward guidance is
not he's not a fan of it.
>> No.
Deliberate ambiguity. Right?
>> [laughter]
>> Almost sounds like a geopolitical
strategy. Think about it that way. Just
switch switch out a word. Okay, so we're
hearing
>> Author just an update as you look at
markets and flip the page please. Asian
equity markets just two things. One
China two. The Lujiazui Forum is
underway. One of the things that has
come out of course is out of the
financial regulator there. We are we
also understand that
right now the Chinese
Vice Premier He Lifeng is speaking there
and so far based on the headlines that
have come through so far
global economic development faces a a
test.
>> [clears throat]
>> We'll bring you more of course. Excuse
me. As we have more information coming
through there. Right. Very very quickly.
So markets are in consolidation mode.
Volumes are on the lighter side of
things. Indonesia is coming back online
today. It's worth pointing out Malaysia
is offline today. But go go ahead.
>> Yeah, I was just going to say I was
going to bring in that JP Morgan call
where they raised their year year end EM
target by 27%
because they were saying the reopening
of Strait of Hormuz can really bring
back some of these EM trades while tech
continues to be a dominant story, my
favorite line from that report is when
you ask about the revisions on both
Korea and Taiwan targets, they actually
say we embrace concentration.
Which is quite interesting, I thought.
>> Oh, okay. It's something
school teachers might actually tell
their students, right? You know,
we always had concentration risk at
class, right? If that's
If there's a place that that's a good
thing, according to JP Morgan, that's
that's in the markets. Actually, if you
think about it, too. If you think about
it, the lack of concentration in mail
and Chinese benchmarks is the reason why
those are underperforming, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And you know, some of the
underperformance there is because you
have this
scattered
spectrum of different stocks across
different spectra of of sectors, which
is I think
the other point that JP Morgan is
making. Oil and the dollar very quickly.
So, oil, the big headline, of course,
was we're sub $80 now on Brent.
The dollar's obviously going to be very
much in focus. Dollar vol, by the way,
is at the lowest level of the year so
far going into the Fed and on the back,
of course, of the news coming out of the
street. Bond markets are doing this.
Your 10s coming up on your screens.
>> Yeah, so obviously that should be
benefiting some of these oil importers
out there, right? Especially in this
part of the world. Yields have also
continued to edge lower here as we track
this oil price, right? So, we're at 443
levels for the US 10-year yield. Japan,
after hiking, we're actually seeing
those yields a lower by three basis
points. So, so we're 260 for your
Japanese 10-year yield. The dollar-yen
still around that 160 level, mind you,
as well. But, this really cuz
interesting, right? That JP Morgan call
when it came to EM, they still expect
oil importers to benefit from these
lower prices, but then again, they still
think it's going to underperform tech.
And what's still going to drive that?
It's the usual caveats, right? Where you
talk about, you know, Korea, Taiwan,
North Asia.
>> Every time there was an opening to buy
the dip, right? It was always those two,
and I think the jury's still out whether
or not the preference has gone beyond
at least in Asia-Pacific.
>> even with that Bank of America's fund
manager survey, right? AI, we're still
in a boom, they say, even though they
admit and knowledge that chips are still
the most crowded trade.
>> It's the most crowded outside, of
course, of BTS tickets, which is, of
course, yes, the scramble.
>> Don't even get me started on that one.
>> Yes. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Um there's no
>> a lot of concentration risk there.
>> Concentration risk there. Uh in fact, go
back to work. Uh central bank decisions
on deck. Uh so, we're done with the BOJ,
done with the RBA. It's obviously big
Fed day, and of course, two other
central bank decisions in the in in
Southeast Asia. Uh will be the
Philippines and Bank Indonesia, where,
of course, we could still see some jumbo
rate hikes coming through. And the Bank
of England, of course, also very much in
focus as we move into the end of
>> What did What did Carlos Casanova from
UBP say, right? When it comes to where
the central bank reaction function is
now, now that there is this sort of the
unwind of inflation trades out there, is
that, you know, the Fed can still cut,
they think, now. It's It's an uncommon
consensus, right? But they're saying
maybe early next year, second quarter,
the Fed could still cut. And really,
when it comes to central banks around
the world, Carlos said, you know, the
only central banks that can afford to
hold this year are the Fed and the BOE.
He still expects hikes for some central
banks around this world. But then, when
it comes to the communication of the Fed
or Kevin Warsh is going to take this,
here's what more what UBP had to say
about that.
>> Too much communication is not a good
thing, either.
Um especially, we do expect that there's
going to be some divisions within the
committee.
Um if you have conflicting messages
coming out of different governors, that
could be very confusing for markets, and
it could lead to high volatility around
things like the dollar and and yields.
>> Joining us here on set, Stephanie Lang,
chief investment officer at digital
wealth platform StashAway. Very, very
nice to see you. Maybe very short term,
let's start there.
>> Yeah.
>> What are risks to markets ahead of the
Fed?
>> Yeah. I guess I mean, you guys mentioned
concentration, which is kind of what the
topic today is. Everybody is sort of
piled into this AI bottleneck trade.
It's been ongoing for the last year. And
the big question here is, I mean, is
this going to continue? And if it
falters, uh what's going to happen in
markets? Is it going to bring down
markets or is money going to rotate to
other things? Um I mean, our strong
conviction is that, okay, fundamentals
is still fairly strong. If you look at
earnings growth for a lot of these tech
companies, they're growing at 50, 60%
year-on-year. However, in the near term,
things do
appear a little bit stretched, right? If
you look at, uh for example, like uh I
guess the biggest uh single-stock ETF uh
globally, uh surprisingly, that's
actually in Hong Kong. It's a Hynix
two-times uh bull uh call ETF. And when
you see signs of these and when
everybody's talking about Samsung and
Hynix, particularly with the
concentration risk, I think it's time to
take a step back and think about, okay,
what's next?
>> So, what is next?
>> So, I think uh for us, second half uh
brings in uh three big questions. Number
one is is the Fed going to hike, right?
The market is obviously pricing in a
hike. Uh second question is
uh with all these IPOs, uh is the supply
going to overwhelm demand in for equity
markets? And then the third thing is uh
as I said, AI trade, I mean, where is it
going to go? Um I think um for example,
in the first uh question, uh we don't
think the Fed is going to hike,
actually, um because there's a bit of a
I guess if you look at historically, uh
the Fed number one, uh the Fed has not
hiked uh into a second half where
there's a midterm election in the past
50 years.
Uh of course, there's a lot of political
kind of uh reasons for that. We can go
into it. But the second thing is if you
look at like a kind of the Fed
communication,
they've been saying that oil prices uh
uh increase have been transient. It's
because of the closure of straight up
booths. Now that Trump has sort of
reopened it, uh they can actually go out
and say, I mean, what's kind of in front
of us is well past us. And going
forward, we're going to see uh oil
prices normalizing. and therefore uh
there's no rush for us to hike. Uh if
you look at core inflation, it's still
fairly constrained. Um uh especially if
you look at wage inflation, it's still
kind of normalizing to around 3% level.
So, I think the Fed can actually say uh
with all this uh we're we're going to be
on on hold. Uh which is quite different
from what what the market is pricing in
right now.
>> Yeah. That's right. Yeah, because it's a
hike that's being priced in December. I
mean, Yvonne mentioned that I think JP
Morgan call where this opening of the
street is not necessarily a big buy
signal for non-A-AIE and what what do
you think is the would be What do you
think the opening of the street is a
catalyst for?
>> Yeah, I think uh if you look at markets,
uh I of course first half have been
stellar uh in terms of equity returns. A
lot of that has been focused on AI
names.
And uh actually uh interestingly, if you
look at kind of other sectors, earnings
growth is actually quite robust. So,
when we look at the Q1 uh results
season, uh eight out of 11 of the uh US
sectors had actually earnings growth
more than 10% forecasts for this year.
So, it's not just all about the AI trade
and I think what we're seeing in the
past 2 weeks or so since the turn of the
second half is that uh the
outperformance has actually rotated away
from AI names or tech names into other
sectors. So, for example, if you look at
the names that are leading in the US, um
those are not tech names. Like, the
things that are making all-time highs
are uh industrial names or like
financial names. And indeed, if you look
at uh small-cap performance uh in the US
year-to-date, uh it's actually
outperforming the Nasdaq surprisingly.
And the the the equal-weighted S&P has
actually started uh outperforming the
overall S&P. Last night, we saw Dow
Jones uh up versus S&P down. So, I think
there's a bit of rotation here out of
just the tech names into broader uh kind
of asset classes.
>> It's interesting, right? When we talk
about these milestones, with SpaceX
basically now surpassing the likes of
Amazon when it comes to market cap and
just after a few days of trading.
It's only because I mean, the people are
saying, right? They're They're you're
only talking about a relatively small
amount of SpaceX shares that are being
traded right now.
Once you actually see supply and demand
in some ways normalize,
how do you see that play out? Because it
it it seems like it's just really adding
more volatility to these markets or it
could add more volatility.
>> I mean, it's obviously this year is a
big IPO year compared to
let's say over the last 3 years that
we've had since COVID.
Uh but if you kind of look at the share
unlocks, I mean, number one, they come
in kind of gradually. So, the bigger
unlock, as you said, the free floats are
actually coming in next year, not this
year.
Uh so, when we do a math, uh buybacks
are on a historical pace. Uh so, if you
analyze the first half of the year
announcements, this year we're due to
have 1.9 trillion of buybacks globally.
Uh and that's a big number, right? If
you think about [clears throat] okay,
SpaceX IP um
uh Anthropic plus OpenAI, of course, in
market cap basis, they're huge, but the
flow is actually much smaller. So, when
you do the math, actually, I mean,
still, I mean, this year we're expecting
to see a net negative uh net equity
supply. Of course, next year maybe a bit
more problematic, but I guess we'll
worry about it next year.
>> After the earnings come out, these
things. Yeah.
>> So, is is that a buy signal for, you
know, a good old-fashioned boring index
fund?
>> Yeah, I think so. I mean, I I I think um
of course, summer months are are
seasonally quite weak. Uh actually, for
AI trades, there is a seasonality as
well. Every summer, uh there's a pause
in terms of like token usage, be it like
people going on summer holidays or like
students taking summer breaks. So, I'm
not I would not be surprised to see uh
like a summer correction, but I do think
that fundamentals will remain quite
strong. And also, uh if you look at AI
developments, that's still ongoing. Of
course, the the trade may shift from
bottlenecks to actually
other parts that are creating value. For
example, uh right now, we talk about a
lot about harnesses in AI.
Um and also kind of the software layer.
I think that would be the next layer to
benefit. Uh and And also non-AI trades.
I think that benefits from a strong
economy as well.
>> So, the facts, right? As you say.
>> Yes.
>> Tell walk us through the I mean you
mentioned some of them, right? Fiscal
policy, AI advancements, China's
recovery, and Trump's agenda.
>> Yes.
>> What what has changed and what hasn't
changed longer term?
>> So, fact is something we put out
beginning of the year. We think I mean
this is actually the four forces that
are going to drive markets over the next
few years.
I think in every aspect there's been
changes and progress. Like for example,
Trump policy very obviously
he's not a lot in terms of the Iran
kind of war, but in the second half he's
going to be squarely focused on the
election. So, I think that is the
biggest uncertainty or kind of point to
to to watch. AI every day there's a new
development. Fiscal policy still
ongoing, so that still provides a a
significant support for equity markets
and risky markets. And most importantly,
I think gold, right?
Actually, I gold has done a U-turn this
year. I think year-to-date gold is
actually the only asset class major
asset class that is actually in negative
territory versus like up 30% at the
beginning of of the year. We still think
it's a long-term buy because fiscal
policy is still ongoing and that
actually benefits gold, right? If you
look at
US long-term interest rates, I mean
30-year touched 5%
and of course Japanese rate rates are
also increasing.
That is a long-term trend that we see
ongoing.
>> Um Hang Seng index.
>> Yes.
>> Is there a world
where you see the Hang Seng index
outperforming in the second half of this
year?
>> So,
I think the the the fundamental reason
of why Hang Seng index has been has been
has been weak is I mean if you look at
China's economy, the recovery has been
extremely slow. I the if you look at the
PMIs, they've been teetering around like
50 level and
and there's not a lot of catalyst there
because the AI trade, you need to see
ROIs today, right? The return on
investments for hardware companies is
very very obvious. For the
infrastructure company or for for the
Chinese kind of tech giants, it's not so
obvious. So, I think we do need to see
that showing up in numbers and and and
then I mean I think that would spark
some more interest in in this part of
world versus I mean Korea and and and
and Taiwan, for example.
>> Stephanie, always great to have you.
Stephanie Lo there, chief investment
officer at StashAway. Of course, we are
taking a look at what it comes to Liu
He, and what's been going on there in
that forum. Um that we've heard from the
likes of He Lifeng. Now we're expected
to hear from the foreign minister uh
speaking in Beijing here. And really, we
talked about this forum. It's been used
in the past to introduce or signal
policy shifts. So, we're going to see if
we get anything or hear anything from
the foreign minister here when it comes
to how he sees
the geopolitical environment now.
>> Yep. Stay tuned for more coming
throughout of [music] the twin
conferences we're tracking, of course,
uh today on the China Show. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> We've been tracking this story all week
now when it comes to Bloomberg. It's now
seen this letter from the US Commerce
Secretary Howard Lutnick warning about
Anthropic of criminal and civil
penalties if it failed to comply with
export controls. And that's really
prompted the company to disable its
fable five and meet those five models
here. So, this is a continuation of what
we heard earlier this week about this
move on Anthropic. And now we're hearing
that, you know, this all started because
of a letter from Lutnick himself.
>> Yeah, I mean, keeping your closest tech
closer to your chest, right? And not
really sharing it with the world. And I
think I think we now have a better
understanding looking at, of course,
this draft that's our folks in the
newsroom were able to see and really
what the thinking was behind restricting
um some of the latest models in terms of
access to the world. And I think this is
also
the crux of, you know, how does China
get involved here in as far as the gap
that is
uh, being being created right now in the
world. This this sort of vacuum in as
far as some parts of US tech
our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Katherine Torbik in fact says that
Anthropic's botched rollout
um uh, has turned into sort of an advert
for Chinese open-source AI and the model
that they are furthering into the world.
Uh, Katherine in fact joins us right now
uh, to talk us through this. And yeah,
Katherine, thank you so much. Fantastic
piece. Uh, so how are Chinese AI
developers reacting to to this news in
your view?
>> So, I really think they couldn't have
fathomed uh, really better free
advertising for Chinese open-source
models. You know, they're really using
this uh, as a moment to really welcome
new users and really say that what
they've been saying all along, which is
that AI shouldn't be sort of gatekept by
a small group of people, but should
really be open and accessible for all.
So, I really think that this has just
become sort of a free sales pitch that
they really couldn't have imagined. And
so, they're really sort of seizing this
moment and as one analyst said, having a
field day trying to welcome users and
and really show that, you know, their
their tools are reliable. And especially
these sort of open-source tools, which
means they can be downloaded and and
sort of run locally. And that means that
nobody can sort of pull the plug uh,
just sort of on a whim.
>> You you talked about the timing. That,
you know, this move, you know, happening
couldn't have happened at a worse time.
What what do you think it's so risky now
for US labs?
>> Right. So, this is all coming right at
sort of the beginnings of a price war in
Silicon Valley when business leaders are
really starting to question if uh, you
know, sort of the astronomical AI
spending bills are really worth it. And
I think really sort of the era of token
maxing uh, where you just sort of spend
as much as possible on AI tools is
really coming to an end as business
leaders are really starting to see these
bills. So, that was already sort of the
big sell of these Chinese AI uh, models
was really the price. They were
significantly cheaper than sort of the
top Silicon Valley offerings. And you
know, business leaders might not
necessarily need models that can sort of
reason through quantum physics to to
sort of automate routine tasks. And so
now, I think we're already seeing people
starting to turn towards these Chinese
AI models. And now they're also saying,
"Hey, we're also, you know, maybe more
reliable. We won't just suddenly be shut
down sort of on a whim."
>> Yeah, it it in fact it it it's the
opposite when you look at some of the
other endeavors that on I guess a
corporate level is is is being is being
put out there. And
you know, this the disabling of the
access, Catherine, it didn't just impact
US adversaries. It
What Why does that matter specifically?
>> So, I think that's huge and you're
correct. It didn't just It wasn't just
targeted at US adversaries. It also hit
allies. It even hit you know,
foreign-born members of Anthropic's own
staff. Really the people that that
actually helped build these tools. And I
think that's huge because other
countries immediately took notice. You
know, we saw a French presidential
candidate saying that this is really a
wake-up call. And you know, when we rely
on on sort of foreign technology, that
means that we can be unplugged at any
time.
Canada's Prime Minister sort of weighed
in. Prime Minister weighed in and said
that you know, we should really learn
from this and diversify. And they're
really sort of naming these fears that
Chinese AI companies are really trying
to monetize now. And I think you know,
even if they bring Fable and Claude back
on overnight, I don't think that'll
really be enough to sort of quell this
new debate that's really risen about you
know, sovereign AI and diversified AI
and really whether building on the
American AI stack is is truly reliable
in the in the long run.
>> Catherine, thank you. Catherine
Thorbecke there a Bloomberg Opinion
columnist joining us out of Tokyo. Of
course, you can read Catherine's full
piece. China is seizing on the Anthropic
retreat. Subscribers can get that on
your terminal of course. it's also
available on bloomberg.com. Look at how
Asian markets are doing as we head into
that commercial break here right now,
and we continue to see a pretty, I guess
you could say, people not have much of
conviction there as we count down to, of
course, the Fed. Hang Seng continues to
see [music] some pressure here, down
about a third of 1%, but the rest of
Asia, we're seeing some marginal [music]
gains there. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, some lines [music] crossing
from the Lujiazui Forum here. Holly Fong
has just spoken in the last couple
minutes, and really talking about
of ways to really open up the financial
sector here in China. So, he says China
will steadily expand the opening of the
sector. One thing that they are
exploring is a RMB FX future trading
there. So, anything else that caught
your eye?
>> Uh so far, that's it. I think in as far
as the the news flow is is concerned,
perhaps it is tied to that, perhaps it's
not, but that supporting Shanghai to
develop shipping insurance, I think is
really one key topic as we go into the
reopening of the straits, and whether or
not insurers are
convinced enough to lower those premiums
for ships, of course, that are passing
passing through that. Currency on your
screens, yeah, we are at 6.75 there
against against the US dollar. Okay,
let's
have a look at what else is
>> Yeah, we're tracking some of the
corporate stories out there here right
[music] now. Not just what's going on
there, but Goldman Sachs advised on more
than a trillion dollars worth of mergers
and acquisitions [music] so far this
year. That's the fastest any bank has
ever reached that milestone. That's
according to data from Dealogic. [music]
The big deals include advising Dominion
Energy on its $118 billion sale of
NextEra, and Unilever's [music] nearly
$45 billion sale of its food business to
McCormick.
Bloomberg has learned that Apple is
planning to launch camera-equipped
AirPods late next year as part of a
flurry of new releases. Sources say it
aims to unveil the device around the
same [music] time as a next-generation
foldable phone and a fresh iPhone model
to mark its 20th [music] anniversary.
Apple is also preparing its own new
chips for future devices.
And SpaceX has formally agreed to take
over AI coding startup Cursor in a $60
billion deal. It [music] cements a key
part of Elon Musk's efforts to catch up
with rivals on coding tools. It finally
shows Cursor investors will have the
right [music] to receive SpaceX stock
based on the implied $60 billion equity
value [music]
of the startup.
>> Yeah, and just three trading days in
fact into
its public
uh
being a public company in story there.
So, Elon Musk is on its way to his
second trillion. He's about a third of
the way there.
>> Wow.
>> 1.3 trillion based on our our data here.
And I think it's
uh the second
Well, the person behind him is is Larry
Page, and he's poorer by a cool
trillion. [laughter]
As you can see on the screen. In fact,
he gained Elon Musk in terms of net
worth given the moves in the stock. He
He's richer by 42 billion uh since this
time yesterday. And I basically
lay on the couch all day following shows
yesterday. But, you know, I actually
slept very well. I slept for 9 hours
last night.
>> That's rarer in our line of work. Um
it's interesting, right? Because we
talked about the fundamentals of this
company, right? Market cap, yes. We're
surpassing likes of Amazon. I think
briefly they surpassed Microsoft, too,
uh yesterday during the session. But,
when when you look at We talked to with
Stephanie Long about this, right? It's
about the float. When you're talking
only about 4% of shares that were
actually traded on the first day of
trade. And once things that lockup
period expires, what what's going to
happen here, right? They're supposed
[music] to do that a- after, of course,
their first earnings uh to come out
here. Could that that lead to more sort
of selling pressure at least volatility
across these markets?
>> Well, something to watch when more is
available in these markets. [music] Lots
more ahead.
>> [music]
>> 1:29 a.m. in Tokyo, Japanese markets are
going to break in just a moment and we
continue to see actually some good
equity gains here across this market.
Nikkei 225 is getting closer to that
70,000 sort of level here. Topix is also
above 4,000. So, Japan is still looking
pretty good at a time when things are
looking a little bit steadier. At least
they're seeing a pullback here in some
of these tech trades and the like.
Dollar yen though, 160. Didn't really
change even after that BOJ hike
yesterday.
>> Yeah, it's This is a This is a tough
one, right? Because it's it's at a level
that has led to
uh intervention.
>> Intervention. But, it also hasn't moved
a lot, which tends to then lead into
intervention, right? In terms of
>> delta. I guess something to watch as we
go into the thick of the Fed and of
course whether that actually also means
uh a risk to a stronger US dollar and
what they will change in the statement,
which is going to be the interesting bit
as we were just pointing out, right? And
what What will the difference be from
the April statement and will they remove
any reference to a move to the next move
perhaps being uh the need for further
for further easing there. Right. Uh Asia
markets Asia Pacific were flat as you
can see, so I'm not going to spend too
much time on it, but just in terms of
sector
uh movers up and down, most are actually
seeing a marginal pullback at that. It's
an extremely tight range and as far as
prices go across most uh equities today.
Uh the Bloomberg Asia Dollar Index is
slightly on the weaker side of uh
things. Okay, let's get into the Iran
story as we go into of course the the
weekend where it's the finally
the toll-free opening of the Strait of
Hormuz. This draft of the US-Iran deal
seen by Bloomberg News says Tehran is
set to receive broad financial
incentives including the right to sell
oil
immediately. Now, President Trump has
not confirmed that, but says he's happy
with that kind of arrangement.
>> The news release says
Iran will never have a nuclear weapon.
That's what it says. It won't have one
to buy, to develop.
They will not have a nuclear weapon.
And I would say that's about 99.9% of
what I wanted
because we couldn't let that happen. You
couldn't let that happen.
Uh
and they won't have a nuclear weapon.
Now, in addition to that, the Strait is
going to be open toll free.
>> Let's get more now with Bloomberg
Economic Statecraft lead Chris Kennedy
joining us from DC. Uh Chris, it's great
to to have you. Thanks for staying up
for us. Um we're taking a look at some
of the the draft and then some of the
terms of this deal.
What do you think it shows us, you know,
on what we can expect over the next 2
months?
>> So, as David said, finally, uh we hope
we're there. It'll still be Friday uh
when we're expecting the signing of this
MOU that would open the Strait for 2
months or 60 days and allow negotiations
to proceed. So, what we know right now
is that immediately Iran and the US are
committing to respectively opening up
uh traffic through the Strait. That
means the US will lift its blockade.
Iran will stop attacking ships or
otherwise preventing traffic through the
Strait of Hormuz. Also, the US will
immediately lift uh sanctions or wave
sanctions uh on both Iran's oil sales,
but also facilitating banking and
insurance services that are required for
those oil sales to proceed. That alone
is likely to generate between 5 and 10
billion dollars for Iran's uh you know,
in export revenue based on pre-war
export volumes and current oil prices.
The other terms get a bit more vague and
I think that may be intentional
according to some other reporting, uh,
but that's where we are.
>> Yeah,
Chris, just hold that thought because we
do have some breaking news and you know,
just hang on for about
about a minute or so because just to
mark we're also tracking this Lujiazui
Forum in Shanghai just for our viewers,
uh, to note. So, the central bank
governor
is speaking currently there and this
interest rate corridor and maybe some
changes in as far as conducting monetary
policy is is concerned. I'm using it
very very broadly just a caveat there.
So, according to Pan Gongsheng, the
7-day reverse repo rate has had good
transmission to the market. They're
exploring further improvement
of the short-term term
interest rate. So, in as far as
increasing, in his words, the overnight
reverse repo operations are concerned.
Just some changes in as far as rates and
effects is concerned, it obviously is is
is quite telling coming from the central
bank governor
himself here. Also talking about how
other things that they'll be allowing
overseas institutions to access yuan
liquidity. Does anything else stand out
to you, Yvonne, here from
>> Um, it it's interesting, right? I think
we have to kind of decipher what this
all means from a monetary policy
perspective, but to increase overnight
reverse repo operations is certainly
some sort of reform that could be of of
welcome for many that are watching this
market here right now. They talked about
the 7-day. Uh, that rate has a good
transmission to the market, but they're
exploring the further improvement of the
short-term
interest rate. Um, and then when it
comes to liquidity, they're going to be
exploring emergency liquidity to
non-bank institutions. That's the latest
line from Pan Gongsheng right now.
>> Yeah, so for
Bloomberg, uh, viewers joining us right
now who might not be as familiar with
the Lujiazui Forum. It's If you have
even half an eye on the Chinese market,
a China watcher from afar, this is an
extremely
important conference and forum that's
taking place right now. It's When you
look back at past iterations of this in
previous years, it has been a venue that
where we have seen market-moving news,
and this is I think I suspect something
we'll be talking about more
in
in in in the months ahead and as far as
reform is concerned. The deeper reform
that people, you know, have been asking
and waiting for, and you're getting
really bits and jobs of it here.
>> Yeah, and as we know with monetary
policy and the toolkits that that PBOC
has, there's plenty, right? So, we're
going to decipher kind of what all these
reforms really mean when it comes to the
monetary policy sort of outlook there
for the PBOC.
Let's I I believe we're going to go back
to Are we bringing in Mime in here right
now, guys? Okay, let's bring in Mime in
Low, our China correspondent. She's been
tracking about what's been going on here
from Lujiazui in Shanghai. We did hear
from also He Lifeng, Pan Gongsheng here.
Just give us some of the key takeaways
so far.
>> Yeah, I'll just touch on what we got so
far from Pan Gongsheng. He is just
giving the speech now, and he talked
about giving overseas institution access
to liquidity in RMB, and this really
builds on the theme that he spoke about
last year when he talked about RMB
internationalization,
right? So, this probably gives more
reason for overseas institution to, you
know, use RMB in trade financing, more
reason for them to hold RMB for the
longer term, not just for transactional
terms. So, this is part of that vision
to broaden the usage of RMB
internationally. He talked about the
improvement of that interest rate
structure, right, to the overnight repo
rate
maybe increasing
those
the use of the overnight reverse repo
rate, and we already see that change. I
think 2 years ago, it's been a
multi-year sort of reform where they
moved away from that longer term and MLF
as a benchmark rate and then they move
it down to that 7-day reverse repo rate
as a benchmark. And perhaps this is
possibly a trend where they start to
move closer and more in line with what
other international banks like the ECB
and the Fed is doing where you have the
overnight rate as that benchmark rate.
So, we're not there yet, but it looks
like this is sort of the trajectory that
he is signaling. And the reason, of
course, is that the that that short-term
rate is, I guess, the better uh
a better tool for policy transmission in
the long run.
>> And which is why I think when you look
at the short end of the Treasury US
Treasury curve, right? That's typically
what we follow when you look at changes
in Fed expectations. And I think
you know, I've covered China
long enough that I remember when the
benchmark rate was the benchmark lending
rate. And it shifted to the
the MLF and it shifted to, of course,
the 7-day repo. And now, there we go.
It's now gone your red headline is now
crossing the Bloomberg terminal that
China will be increasing the overnight
reverse repo operation here, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, so I think I I was looking at some
reports and I think it was as early as
just last week or so where StanChart
kind of called this, right? That they
may actually adopt this overnight policy
rate over time. And to replace the
current 7-day reverse repo rate. Um
so, when they're ready to adjust policy
levels according to StanChart here. So,
they have sort of shifted that focus
since May of 2025, they say here. So,
it's been about a year in coming here.
So, there this is what people are
expecting. The timing of the replacement
will be interesting here. Doesn't seem
like they're they're in a hurry, but now
looks like what it's finally here that
day.
>> It's it's signaling reform. And anything
else you've heard from other speakers or
or
>> it gives them greater control over the
shorter end of the yield curve. But the
other thing that is interesting also, we
heard from Harley Fahn, the vice
premier, earlier.
I thought it was interesting. He talked
about the economy and all about the the
risk in the economy, the local
government debt, and the property risk
that's starting to ease. But I think the
key message that he made was really for
the international audience and
particularly for the US. He didn't name
the US, but he talked about how
unilateralism is not advisable and the
key thing he said is that China is going
to take the next step now to really
improve its legal toolbox when it comes
to financial regulation and come up with
clauses that could block a pushback
against unilateral sanctions. Now,
remember that these Chinese banks have
already been a target of US sanctions in
the past and President Trump has been
threatening more sanctions on banks that
are helping to clear, you know, helping
to
helping to, you know, clear payments for
Iranian oil, for example, and it looks
like China is going to strengthen that
toolbox now even further to pushback
against such sanctions.
>> Okay. Minmin, thank you so much. Minmin
Lau, our China correspondent there. We
will keep on top of this story and of
course we've just flagged
China's top financial officials are, if
not have spoken, are speaking, are set
to speak at this Lujiazui Financial
Forum. We'll take a short break and we
will see you on the other side of it.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right. Just to update you guys on
Welcome Back, by the way. Apologies for
the the lack of politeness there. Okay,
so we're just looking at some
some breaking news right now. So to
recap, so Pan Gongsheng, the PBOC
governor, is speaking
in mainland China right now and he's
discussing, of course, some of the
reforms they're putting in place as far
as monetary policy, the toolkit,
>> So, this is concerned.
>> This is sort of a policy shift that
we've been, I guess, anticipating as
well from the PBOC. So, the one that
really was the biggest takeaway is that
China is going to increase the overnight
reverse repo auction operations. So,
this really cuz seems to be something
that could replace potentially one day
the current 7-day reverse repo rate. So,
according to StanChart, it's only a
matter of time that maybe this could
mean that this is more of going to be
the policy rate moving forward, right?
So, that could be one thing that we need
to watch out for here. But, it seems
like that's that's where the signal is.
And the timing does suggest that they
are now making this such move or could
be heading in that direction here right
now. So, what does that mean, right? If
you're talking about focusing more on
the short-term side of things, that does
give a little bit more flexibility.
Maybe you can kind of show maybe provide
more clear sort of precise signals to
the market about inflation dynamics and
the like.
>> It's It's Yeah, they've they've really
shifted the focus of and they've done a
very good job at doing that, right? I
think we've gone from the the benchmark
lending rate as the rate to watch.
>> Yes.
>> And, you know, gone were the times and
years where they would announce a rate
cut on the benchmark and then everything
else would follow. And they've done it
now through the markets, right? Whether
that's the 7-day repo rate and now
they're talking about the overnight
rate. So, on your screens just as a
point of reference is the toolkit that
the PBOC.
Some of them are actually set by the
PBOC. Some are actually set by the
market based on the benchmark. And as
you can see, it's it can get quite it's
confusing.
But, the closer you are to the short end
of the curve, the more flexibility you
actually might actually have in being
able to conduct monetary policy and
being able to react, of course, to
other developments in these markets. And
the Yes, and this is now the talk in
terms of the overnight rate.
>> Yeah, so does it replace the 7-day?
That's certainly one thing. Does it
become the policy rate of choice, right?
As you say, it's very inside baseball
when you look at the interest rate
toolkit of the PBOC. But, that is what
the market has been anticipating here.
So, perhaps no surprises, but we'll see
what else we can hear from from Pan
Gongsheng there at, of course, Lujiazui
here. We're watching Indonesia still.
>> Yes, Um, have a look at where we are
there. So, it's coming online. Came
online this hour. I think it was shut
yesterday, so we're up about half of 1%
on that market. Check it out check out
the the two-day
on the on the well, multi-day Indonesian
currency there. And of course, just to
get a sense of where we are in the
course of travel and given everything
else that has taken place, it's been an
extremely
busy financial news cycle in Indonesia.
Notwithstanding everything else in the
policy side, notwithstanding all the
externals like MSCI that surprise rate
hike and possibly another one, of
course, that could come uh, this week.
Now, just in terms of what is going on
underneath the hood in the conversations
there around policy makers and what
they're how they're looking to I guess
bring confidence back.
>> Yeah, that is this is our big take here
for this morning. Bloomberg has learned
that Indonesia President Prabowo
Subianto's erratic inner circle is
coming under scrutiny as investors grow
concerned about policy uncertainty, and
that's adding pressure on the rupiah and
the world's worst-performing stock
market. Let's bring in our senior
Southeast Asia reporter Ferris Mokhtar
joining us now with more. Ferris, it's
it's a great piece. Uh, it really goes
deep into the the issues that are going
on in Indonesia here right now. Talk me
through the politics. How is the
president and his advisory circles and
their decision-making process now
affecting confidence in the country?
>> To begin with, uh, you know, the
Indonesia story has taken a dramatic
turn. Just like a couple of years ago,
it was an investor's darling and and now
it, you know, confidence in Southeast
Asia's largest economy is plummeting.
And as we peel, you know, back the
layers, uh,
the confusion, the chaos, the turmoil
that we have seen in in President
Prabowo's presidency, who's just into
his presidency for for just over a year,
you know, it's rooted in terms of the
decision-making at the top. On one hand,
you have a president who is spontaneous,
uh, who is, uh, you know not details
oriented. What I found out is that you
know he doesn't like long policy
discussions or debates. On the other
hand, he has this advisory circle that's
fractured, that's running in circles,
that's competing with one another,
that's giving the president either
insubstantial or contradictory advice.
And what we are saying now is that you
know what's happening at the top is
really translating to the ground in
terms on the impact on policies, on the
impact on the rupiah, on the impact of
you know everyday Indonesians leave
living their lives basically.
>> Could the solution be
a new finance minister? I mean certainly
there has been speculation that is that
could be a path they take. Will that be
enough to
placate markets and investors here?
>> Changing the finance minister is is
simply not enough. It's just one piece
you know in this huge puzzle and that
speculation you know grew further after
the rupiah plunged past the 18,000 mark
and then there was this chatter that the
finance minister could be replaced. What
is key is that within the establishment
in itself and within the business circle
the mood has soured towards the current
finance minister because he is seen as
unable to explain Indonesia's fiscal and
monetary positions as well as
Indonesia's overall economic direction.
But based on the sources that I've
spoken to within Prabowo's camp among
the tycoons within the business circle,
business community that is, changing the
finance minister is is just not enough.
What also needs to be done is having
that coordination on all levels you know
from the president to his advisers to
the ministers to the central bank and
the other state institutions. And then
what happens next is to explain and
communicate those policies properly and
clearly. Explaining to investors and the
markets what are the objectives of his
signature policies, what are the
multiplier effects if there are any, and
how can this contribute to the
president's goal in pushing Indonesia's
GDP growth past 8%. And then there is
that execution. And that involves
getting the right people with the right
expertise to spearhead these policy
programs.
>> Fantastic big take. Of course, that was
our Southeast Asia senior reporter
Ferris Mok and Singapore
for us from that just to take you
straight back to the fresh breaking news
and the continuation of course of our
coverage at the Lujiazui
forum that is taking place and the
Central Bank governor Ivana is still
talking about in this case now looking
to develop the wealth managing markets
and being able to allocate or
incentivize this longer term
orientation towards stock and bond
markets.
>> Yeah, that's quite interesting here.
Also talking about to strengthen the
government bond yield curve and to
enrich macro prudent tools. So you are
hearing some I guess you could say very
nuanced policy shifts that are going on.
This just on the back of just a few
minutes ago the PBOC saying that they're
going to increase the overnight reverse
repo operation. So giving a little bit
more emphasis on the short-term sort of
rates that are things when it comes to
that toolkit here moving away from that
sort of longer term tenor.
We've already talked about how we've
already pivoted to that 7-day reverse
repo which they said has been good in
terms of transmission, but maybe
focusing on the overnight could make it
more aligned of course with major
central banks out there like the Fed
here. But the development of the wealth
management market that kind of caught my
eye Dave, right? Because we were just at
Bloomberg Invest last week
talking about you know Hong Kong given
that it has been such a wealth hub
with of course many of the mainland
investors or people coming to set up
accounts here, right? And really I
wonder with the development of the
wealth financial market domestically,
you know, in what way could that impact
Hong Kong? It would be quite
interesting.
>> Yeah, I think it's worth point that's a
that's a good starting point I guess in
terms of this longer term conversation
which I suspect we'll have. I mean you
there's no reason we can't have two.
>> Right.
>> Uh it's not a zero sum game. Obviously
we will get more competition between the
two and as far as the private sector
and the bankers are concerned.
But it goes to show as well the there
will be less incentive for
folks to illicitly get their funds out
into offshore markets
when in fact there are also options on
short. So I that's just brought bringing
in
>> At a time that they're cracking down on
this, right? This illicit stock trading
as well. So certainly that's one thing
to to watch out for. Pan also talking a
little bit more about Huijin.
There of course this has been the I
guess you could say de facto national
team or people that are
and so it's going to be supporting
Huijin's role as a stability fund. So
that's one thing to watch as well.
>> Yes. Okay,
we will just take a short break and on
the other side of it we will recap
this torrid string of headlines that
have come through [music] so far.
Very consequential. We'll have lots more
head to recap at the Lujiazui Forum in a
moment. This is the China Show.
All right, before we wrap up the show
we're just recapping the a lot of the
breaking news that's come out of the
this forum Lujiazui Forum in China. And
we understand that Pan Gong Sheng,
the PBOC governor,
just finished speaking. He mentioned a
lot of things and now Wu Qing, the CSRC
head, is now starting to speak. Then I
wonder
uh what else we could hear there from
officials.
>> It sounds like we need another hour of
the Chinese show to walk you through.
[snorts] But we told you this, right? I
mean, uh this is sort of the
>> dentist appointment, though.
>> Yeah, this is like when the Avengers
come out and and talk about all their
policy, right? For for the year. And
certainly this is one thing we're
watching out for and what we know,
obviously he is the securities
regulator.
>> Yes.
>> To see what he has to say about you know
how market conditions are here at the
moment. So, this is going to be the one
to watch here when it comes to what it
means for the markets.
>> Um yeah, so we're we're still waiting
for lines there coming through. Uh the
the takeaway though coming through uh
the PBOC governor is this increased
focus on the overnight rates uh and a
reference to how the 7-day reverse repo
rate has had a good transmission to the
market and they're now pivoting, of
course, towards maybe uh the shorter and
improving that mechanism uh as as far as
mechanism is concerned. Yeah, there we
go. The headline factors crossing. PBOC
to improve overnight reverse repo
operation uh mechanism. They're also
going to be allowing overseas
institutions to access more you want
liquidities and I think more to folks
that have been asking for more reform
>> Mhm.
>> uh and deeper access to the Chinese
market and a broader toolkit. You want
futures, by the way, have also been
talked about here. But you're you're
getting a lot more details on this.
>> Yeah, and so what does it mean in terms
of monetary policy? I think could be
quite telling, right? I think StanChart
laid it out, right? If the PBOC wants to
send a tightening signal due to, of
course, faster expected reflation, which
we have seen in some of the data,
>> Yeah.
>> um they can set that overnight policy
rate, they say, at 1.4%
compared with the current 7-day reverse
repo rate of 1.4. So, it could be kind
of in line with that. Um so, we'll watch
for maybe those next signs, right? Is
this going to be the next policy rate
moving [music] forward here, the
overnight one? Um that certainly is what
people are speculating at this moment.
We're going to hear more, of course, uh
from Peng Gongxing and the like here
coming up there at Lujiazui. We're going
to leave it there for the China Show.
Insight with Helen Holman is next.